Hello Mr. Song
I am Fu Wan, the person in charge of this project
Fu Wan
The eldest lady of Fuji Group came forward to discuss the project in person
It's really rare
Hello Vice President
Xiaoxin and I will connect with you on this project.
You can ask any questions at any time.
We will do our best to meet your needs
Xiaoxin pair
Xiaoxin is my assistant
It was also a feature of your company before.
Strong work ability
You can leave it to us with confidence.
Mr. Su, I think you made a mistake.
The little new in your mouth
Not ordinary people
Sister, I definitely didn't lie to you.
Xiaoxin is an old employee who has re-examined
All abilities are good
I've always admired him
I was going to give him a promotion and a raise
But he declined
Do you think the person who can refuse the promotion of the leader can be an ordinary person?